fix: Update org members can edit project ownership rules (#11400)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/membership/index.mdx

| Can view and act on issues (such as assigning and resolving)                    |             | ✓          | ✓         | ✓           | ✓         |
| Can join and leave existing teams                                               |             | ✓          | ✓         | ✓           | ✓         |
| Can add repositories (through GitHub integrations)                              |             | ✓          | ✓         | ✓           | ✓         |

> | Can create and remove teams from the organization                               |             | ✓\*\*      | ✓         | ✓           | ✓         |

Reviewer: As this comes before "Can create and remove projects for the organization", should we swap the footnotes? Here will be `✓\*` and `✓\*\*` is below.

Author: Good suggestion! I've fixed the ordering

| Can transfer projects to another organization                                   |             |            |           |             | ✓         |
| Can remove an organization                                                      |             |            |           |             | ✓         |

> \*Org Members can only edit the project ownership rule setting.
> \*\*For Business and Enterprise plans, even Org Members who are not a Team Admin for any team can create a new personal project. When creating this project, the member will get assigned a new personal team that they will become a Team Admin for. [Team Admin permissions](#permissions-1) will then apply for this team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\*Org Members can only edit the project ownership rule setting.

\*\*If your organization is on a Business or Enterprise plan, anyone who's part of the org will be able to create a project without having to be a Team Admin. When org members create a project, they'll become the Team Admin for that project by default and have all the permissions of the [Team Admin](#permissions-1) for that project.
```
@jangjodi I'm not sure I fully understand the difference between being able to add/remove teams versus only being able to edit the rules. Could you clarify? :)

Author: That was actually a typo, thank you for catching @lizokm! I mean to add the check mark in the "Can change project settings" column

| Can transfer projects to another organization                                   |             |            |           |             | ✓         |
| Can remove an organization                                                      |             |            |           |             | ✓         |

> \*Org Members can only edit the project ownership rule setting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\*Org Members will only be able to edit [ownership rules](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/projects/action-release/ownership/) for the project.
```

Projects can only be accessed by that project's team(s). Team Admins, Org Managers, and Org Owners can add or remove project teams in **Project Settings > Project Teams**. Alternatively, these roles can also add projects to a team in **Team Settings > Projects**.

> All Org Members can get access to a project by joining a team associated with that project. Additionally, Org Members can edit a project's ownership rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any Org Member can get access to a project by joining the team that's associated with that project. Once you've joined a project you'll also be able to edit [ownership rules](/product/issues/ownership-rules/) for that project.
```
